#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Repo: https://github.com/pablogventura/relationaldef
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To run:
\begin_inset listings
inline false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

$ python3 main.py < example.model
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Input model format:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A line containing a list of elements of universe, separated by spaces
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Empty line
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First line describes model universe.
 Must be a list of elements separated by spaces.
 Then must be an empty line.
 Next lines describes relations.
 For each relation must be a first line containing relation name, number
 of tuples and arity separated by spaces followed by a line for each tuple
 containing elements separated by spaces.
 At the end of relation, must be a empty line.
 So it is able to start another.
 Relations which names started in "T" will be target relations, and the
 rest will be base relations.
 Tool will return if target relations are open-definable by base relations.
 In the case it is not definable, returns an counterexample.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
